hello everyone
this is mk today's movie is about
special force battle supernature science
darpa researcher dr mark klein is flown
to moldova
where the u.s military is currently
deployed in the ongoing moldovan war
as his expertise is required regarding a
line of hyper-spectral imaging goggles
of his design that have been issued to
troops there
after arriving at a u.s military air
base on the outskirts
of ki chanel he meets with general
orland and cia officer fran madison
he is shown footage captured by the
troops goggles of a mysterious
translucent humanoid apparition that
kills almost instantly
knowing it is not interference orland
wants klein's expert opinion before
forwarding the findings and footage to
his superiors
conversely madison believes the
sightings to be members of the
insurgency wearing an
advanced form of active camouflage and
has orders from her superiors to
retrieve a sample
to get a clearer shot of the anomalies
and identify them
both klein and madison are sent into the
field with a team of delta force
operators
who are being sent to find utah team who
went missing the day before
to capture a better image of the
apparitions klein mounts a large version
of the hyperspectral camera onto one of
the armored personnel carriers
upon arriving at the location and
discovering all of utah team has been
killed
they are ambushed by the apparitions who
being impervious to small arms fire and
explosives
inflict heavy casualties before the
soldiers retreat
when their vehicles are rendered
inoperable by landmines
the group takes cover in an abandoned
factory where they find two children
barricaded
the apparitions attempt to follow them
but are stopped by a barrier of iron
shavings
the children share that their father
scattered the shavings to protect his
children before he was killed
the survivors make contact with the air
base and a rendezvous is set up
klein modifies the hyper spectral camera
turning it into a large searchlight
which enables the group to see the
apparitions without the need for goggles
later he supplies the unit with ieds
laced with iron shavings
fortified with these new weapons the
group sets out for the rendezvous point
about a half mile away from the factory
after exiting the factory the group is
chased by apparitions
who are slowed but not destroyed by the
iron explosives
the group is met by reinforcements and a
helicopter evac at a large abandoned
plaza
however they are ambushed by the
apparitions and are barely able to
escape as the figures proceed to destroy
the tanks and kill the soldiers sent as
backup
in the air they receive word from orland
the apparitions have over on the air
base
so they are redirected to a civilian
bunker controlled by the allied moldovan
military
klein theorizes the apparitions are
likely man-made and are made of
bose-einstein condensate
which explains their ability to move
through walls freeze people to death
and why they are halted by iron shavings
and ceramic materials
hence their inability to enter tanks
working overnight with orland and
surviving military engineers
he constructs several makeshift pulse
weapons capable of breaking down the
condensate
the next morning the remaining american
soldiers are armed with the weapons and
sent to a power plant in the center of
the city
as klein believes it is the only
facility capable of generating the power
needed to create the condensate
while the soldiers mount an offensive on
the roof of the plant
klein and madison discover a recently
abandoned laboratory inside
they deduce that scientists working in
weapons research for the former regime
were scanning humans on a molecular
level and using advanced 3d printing to
replicate them in condensate form
the human test subjects brains and
central nervous systems were then
removed and hooked up to a central
machine which keeps the condensate
copies or apparitions alive
before the apparitions emerge victorious
in their battle with the soldiers
klein activates a fail-safe system which
deactivates the condensate apparitions
believing that whatever level of
consciousness remaining is in pain
he unplugs the human remains from the
machine finally giving them peace
with the apparitions gone the us and
allied moldovan military work to
continue to take control of the city
from the insurgents
and a department of defense extraction
team is to be sent back to the plant
with the delta force operators to take
the machinery apart and potentially use
it for their own purposes
saying goodbye to madison and general
orland klein boards an aircraft to be
taken back home to virginia